
First of all , I would like to thank you for sending me that project which really helped me to spend enjoyable times 
with adding new skills. 

According to my solution, firstly I analyzed the remote JSON data. After my analysis , 
I thought about parsing the data. I decided to add data to arrays. 
Then I started project in prototype. When I work on prototype I feel more independent ,  
I am also finding the best option and trying the new things. After I had seen the all data in the arrays , 
I started designing the mobile application. Designing the mobile is the most difficult part for me 
that I still feel uncomfortable. The project showed me again that I should focus on designing more. 
After some progress in designing, I started filling collection view cells in proper way. 
I spent more time than I planned to change the favorite icon . 
Because when I selected one of a cell favorite icon , I noticed that some of a cell favorite icon have already been 
selected in spite of I did not tap. But I solved that issue, thanks to the if statement. 
As well as I wrote a comment near that if statement. I think I found a different solution about showing the favorite 
advertisement. I defined an integer array which name is favouriteIndex. The array contains index of tapped 
collection view cell favorite icon. Before that I was planning to define four array again for each information 
(location, price, description, photo). After all I worked on designing to make similar my project in the pdf 
that you sent me. 

Whether my project is going to be accepted or not by your company, challenging on that project made me proud. 
Furthermore, working on that project was an opportunity in order to see my skills again. 

I think we can use rxswift for adding favorite advertisements to the collection view. 
We can also separate the advertisements based on the ad-types in the remote JSON data before showing all of them. 
I think, language options could have been added to the project. In my opinion when an advertisement is added the favorites 
at least by 100 customer, 
the mobile application should send a notification to the customers who added it in the favorites. 
The notification’s objective is  to inform the customers about their favorite advertisement in demand.

To begin with, If I had more time , I would add login screen with facebook login. 
In addition I would want to create new screen which will open to show more details and photos  
when the customer tap to advertisement. 


  
